[Relay][Docs] Relay Language Reference (#2232)
dmlc/tvm: docs/langref/relay_intro.rst

=====================
Introduction to Relay

> =====================

Reviewer: we can directly move this content to a section index.rst

Author: I will make that change soon

> Relay is a functional, differentiable programming language that has been

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Relay is a functional, differentiable programming language
```

designed to be an expressive intermediate representation for machine

> learning systems. It features support for closures, control flow, and

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
learning systems. It supports closures, control flow, and
```

recursion, thus allowing for representing more complex models directly

> in Relay. Relay also includes a form of dependent typing using type

Reviewer 2: recursion, allowing it to directly represent complex models.
